docs: add release notes for 5342 (#5568)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes-5342.md

Coinbase Changes
------------------------

> Once mn_rr activates some funds in coinbase would be moved into the Asset lock Pool (on platform)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once `mn_rr` activates some funds in coinbase would be moved into the Asset lock Pool (on platform)
```

> Beside that, evo MN will receive reward only once - not quad reward (4 time continously) as in v19/v20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beside that, Evo nodes will receive reward only once - not quad reward (4 time continuously) as in v19/v20.
```

> This is to incentivize MNs to upgrade to platform, because only MNs running platform will get these migrated rewards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is to incentivize Evo nodes to upgrade to platform, because only nodes running platform will get these migrated rewards
```
